Out of order relative to other ack-eliciting packets (#4000)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

packets are eventually acknowledged when the endpoint sends an ACK frame in
response to other events.

In order to assist loss detection at the sender, an endpoint SHOULD generate
and send an ACK frame without delay when it receives an ack-eliciting packet
either:

* when the received packet has a packet number less than another ack-eliciting
  packet that has been received, or
* when the packet has a packet number larger than the highest-numbered

>   ack-eliciting packet that has been received and there are missing packets

Reviewer: This wording strikes me as odd.  A receiver does not know whether there are _missing packets_.  We should simply state that there is a gap in the packet numbers.

Reviewer 2: @dtikhonov : _Missing packets_ is not the same as _lost packets_. The receiver knows when packets are missing, it just doesn't know whether they are reordered or lost.

packets are eventually acknowledged when the endpoint sends an ACK frame in
response to other events.

In order to assist loss detection at the sender, an endpoint SHOULD generate
and send an ACK frame without delay when it receives an ack-eliciting packet
either:

* When the received packet has a packet number less than another ack-eliciting
  packet that has been received.
* When the packet has a packet number larger than any other ack-eliciting packet
  that has been received and there are missing packets between that other packet
  and this packet.

The endpoint SHOULD NOT continue sending ACK frames immediately unless one of

> the above criteria are satisfied.

Author: This is an effort to keep the existing text, but rework it to refer to the criteria that's been reworked to no longer mention out of order.

Specifically, the existing text is "The endpoint SHOULD NOT continue sending ACK frames immediately unless more ack-eliciting packets are received out of order."

The goal of this text is: you should send one immediate ACK if the above happens, but don't keep sending immediate ACKs for every subsequent ack-eliciting packet, because that would be excessive.

Suggestions welcome.

response to other events.

In order to assist loss detection at the sender, an endpoint SHOULD send an ACK

> frame immediately on receiving an ack-eliciting packet that is out of order from

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
frame immediately on receiving an ack-eliciting packet that is out of order relative to
```
